# options

# OPTIONS/kdebug                        optional kdebug
# security

security/mac_alloc.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_audit.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_base.c					standard
security/mac_data.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_label.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_task.c					optional config_macf_mach
security/mac_port.c					optional config_macf_mach
security/mac_process.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_vfs.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_vfs_subr.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_system.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_sysv_sem.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_sysv_shm.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_sysv_msg.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_posix_sem.c				optional config_macf
security/mac_posix_shm.c				optional config_macf
security/mac_socket.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_stub.c					standard
security/mac_net.c					optional config_macf_net
security/mac_pipe.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_iokit.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_file.c					optional config_macf
security/mac_inet.c					optional config_macf_net
