#
# Mach Operating System
# Copyright (c) 1989 Carnegie-Mellon University
# All rights reserved.  The CMU software License Agreement specifies
# the terms and conditions for use and redistribution.
#

#
# N.B. "kern/lock.c" is listed as "optional cpus" so that config will
# create an "cpus.h" file.
#
OPTIONS/hw_ast				optional hw_ast
OPTIONS/hw_footprint			optional hw_footprint
OPTIONS/kernserv			optional kernserv
OPTIONS/mach_assert			optional mach_assert
OPTIONS/mach_compat			optional mach_compat
OPTIONS/mach_counters			optional mach_counters
OPTIONS/mach_debug			optional mach_debug
OPTIONS/mach_fastlink			optional mach_fastlink
OPTIONS/mach_fixpri			optional mach_fixpri
OPTIONS/mach_host			optional mach_host
OPTIONS/mach_ipc_compat			optional mach_ipc_compat
OPTIONS/mach_ipc_debug			optional mach_ipc_debug
OPTIONS/mach_ipc_test			optional mach_ipc_test
OPTIONS/mach_kdb			optional mach_kdb
OPTIONS/mach_ldebug			optional mach_ldebug
OPTIONS/mach_load			optional mach_load
OPTIONS/mach_machine_routines		optional mach_machine_routines
OPTIONS/rev_endian_fs			optional rev_endian_fs
OPTIONS/mach_net			optional mach_net
OPTIONS/mach_np				optional mach_np
OPTIONS/mach_old_vm_copy		optional mach_old_vm_copy
OPTIONS/mach_pagemap			optional mach_pagemap
OPTIONS/mach_sctimes			optional mach_sctimes
OPTIONS/mach_vm_debug			optional mach_vm_debug
OPTIONS/mach_xp				optional mach_xp
OPTIONS/mach_xp_fpd			optional mach_xp_fpd
OPTIONS/quota				optional quota
OPTIONS/simple_clock			optional simple_clock
OPTIONS/stat_time			optional stat_time
OPTIONS/xpr_debug			optional xpr_debug
OPTIONS/kdebug				optional kdebug
OPTIONS/nfsclient			optional nfsclient
OPTIONS/nfsserver			optional nfsserver
OPTIONS/driverkit			optional driverkit
OPTIONS/mallocdebug			optional mallocdebug
OPTIONS/kernobjc			optional kernobjc
OPTIONS/kernremote			optional kernremote
OPTIONS/uxpr				optional uxpr
OPTIONS/kernel_stack			optional kernel_stack
OPTIONS/norma_ipc			optional norma_ipc
OPTIONS/norma_device			optional norma_device
OPTIONS/norma_vm			optional norma_vm
OPTIONS/norma_task			optional norma_task
OPTIONS/norma_ether			optional norma_ether
OPTIONS/new_vm_code			optional new_vm_code
OPTIONS/old_vm_code			optional old_vm_code
OPTIONS/compat_43			optional compat_43
OPTIONS/diagnostic			optional diagnostic
OPTIONS/ktrace				optional ktrace
OPTIONS/profiling			optional profiling
OPTIONS/vndevice			optional vndevice

#
# Network options
#
OPTIONS/multicast			optional multicast
OPTIONS/mrouting			optional mrouting
OPTIONS/routing				optional routing
OPTIONS/eon				optional eon
OPTIONS/tpip				optional tpip
OPTIONS/ns				optional ns
OPTIONS/iso				optional iso
OPTIONS/tuba				optional tuba
OPTIONS/gateway				optional gateway
OPTIONS/ipx				optional ipx
OPTIONS/tun				optional tun
OPTIONS/vlan				optional vlan
OPTIONS/bpfilter			optional bpfilter
OPTIONS/sl				optional sl
OPTIONS/ppp				optional ppp
OPTIONS/sppp				optional sppp
OPTIONS/ppp_deflate			optional ppp_deflate
OPTIONS/disc				optional disc
OPTIONS/ether				optional ether
OPTIONS/fddi				optional fddi

OPTIONS/ipdivert			optional ipdivert
OPTIONS/dummynet			optional dummynet
OPTIONS/ipfirewall			optional ipfirewall
OPTIONS/tcpdebug			optional tcpdebug
OPTIONS/bridge				optional bridge
OPTIONS/faith				optional faith
OPTIONS/gif				optional gif
OPTIONS/netat				optional netat

#
# Filesystem options
#
OPTIONS/ffs				optional ffs
OPTIONS/hfs				optional hfs
OPTIONS/mfs				optional mfs
OPTIONS/fdesc				optional fdesc
OPTIONS/fifo				optional fifo
OPTIONS/nullfs				optional nullfs
OPTIONS/union				optional union
OPTIONS/cd9660				optional cd9660
OPTIONS/volfs				optional volfs
OPTIONS/devfs				optional devfs
OPTIONS/synthfs				optional synthfs

bsd/dev/random/randomdev.c							standard
bsd/dev/random/YarrowCoreLib/port/smf.c				standard
bsd/dev/random/YarrowCoreLib/src/comp.c				standard
bsd/dev/random/YarrowCoreLib/src/prng.c				standard
bsd/dev/random/YarrowCoreLib/src/sha1mod.c			standard
bsd/dev/random/YarrowCoreLib/src/yarrowUtils.c		standard
bsd/dev/vn/vn.c				optional vndevice
bsd/dev/vn/shadow.c			optional vndevice

bsd/libkern/random.c			standard
bsd/libkern/scanc.c			standard
bsd/libkern/skpc.c			standard
bsd/libkern/inet_ntoa.c			standard
bsd/libkern/bcd.c			standard

bsd/vfs/vfs_bio.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_cache.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_cluster.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_conf.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_init.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_lookup.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_quota.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_subr.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_syscalls.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_support.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_utfconv.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_vnops.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vnode_if.c			standard
bsd/vfs/vfs_journal.c			standard

bsd/miscfs/deadfs/dead_vnops.c		standard
bsd/miscfs/fdesc/fdesc_vfsops.c		optional fdesc
bsd/miscfs/fdesc/fdesc_vnops.c		optional fdesc
bsd/miscfs/fifofs/fifo_vnops.c		optional fifo
bsd/miscfs/nullfs/null_subr.c		optional nullfs
bsd/miscfs/nullfs/null_vfsops.c		optional nullfs
bsd/miscfs/nullfs/null_vnops.c		optional nullfs
bsd/miscfs/specfs/spec_vnops.c		standard
bsd/miscfs/union/union_subr.c		optional union
bsd/miscfs/union/union_vfsops.c		optional union
bsd/miscfs/union/union_vnops.c		optional union

bsd/miscfs/volfs/volfs_vfsops.c		optional volfs
bsd/miscfs/volfs/volfs_vnops.c		optional volfs

bsd/miscfs/devfs/devfs_tree.c		optional devfs
bsd/miscfs/devfs/devfs_vnops.c		optional devfs
bsd/miscfs/devfs/devfs_vfsops.c		optional devfs

bsd/miscfs/synthfs/synthfs_vfsops.c	optional synthfs
bsd/miscfs/synthfs/synthfs_vnops.c	optional synthfs
bsd/miscfs/synthfs/synthfs_util.c	optional synthfs

bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_bmap.c		optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_lookup.c	optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_node.c		optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_rrip.c		optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_util.c		optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_vfsops.c	optional cd9660
bsd/isofs/cd9660/cd9660_vnops.c		optional cd9660

bsd/net/slcompress.c		         optional i4bipr
bsd/net/bpf.c				optional bpfilter
bsd/net/bpf_filter.c			optional bpfilter
bsd/net/bridge.c			optional bridge
bsd/net/bsd_comp.c			optional ppp_bsdcomp
bsd/net/if.c				standard
bsd/net/if_atmsubr.c			optional atm
bsd/net/if_disc.c			optional disc
bsd/net/dlil.c				standard
bsd/net/ether_if_module.c		optional ether
bsd/net/ether_at_pr_module.c		optional ether
bsd/net/ether_inet_pr_module.c		optional ether
bsd/net/ether_inet6_pr_module.c		optional ether inet6
bsd/net/if_ethersubr.c			optional ether
bsd/net/if_loop.c			optional loop
bsd/net/if_media.c			standard
bsd/net/if_mib.c			standard
bsd/net/if_sl.c				optional sl
bsd/net/if_tun.c			optional tun
bsd/net/if_vlan.c			optional vlan
bsd/net/kext_net.c		standard
bsd/net/ndrv.c				standard
bsd/net/ppp_deflate.c			optional ppp_deflate
bsd/net/radix.c				standard
bsd/net/raw_cb.c			standard
bsd/net/raw_usrreq.c			standard
bsd/net/route.c				standard
bsd/net/rtsock.c			standard
bsd/net/slcompress.c			optional ppp
bsd/net/slcompress.c			optional sl
bsd/net/zlib.c				optional ppp_deflate
bsd/net/netisr.c			standard
bsd/net/zlib.c				optional ipsec 
bsd/net/if_dummy.c         		optional dummy
bsd/net/if_gif.c          		optional gif
bsd/net/if_stf.c          		optional stf
#bsd/net/radish.c          		standard
bsd/net/if_faith.c          		optional faith
bsd/net/net_osdep.c			optional ipsec 
bsd/net/net_osdep.c			optional inet6


bsd/netinet/if_atm.c			optional atm
bsd/netinet/if_ether.c			optional ether
bsd/netinet/igmp.c			standard
bsd/netinet/in.c			standard
bsd/netinet/in_bootp.c			standard
bsd/netinet/dhcp_options.c		standard
bsd/netinet/in_pcb.c			standard
bsd/netinet/in_proto.c			standard
bsd/netinet/in_rmx.c			standard
bsd/netinet/ip_divert.c			optional ipdivert
bsd/netinet/ip_dummynet.c  		optional dummynet
bsd/netinet/ip_flow.c			standard
bsd/netinet/ip_icmp.c			standard
bsd/netinet/ip_id.c			optional randomipid
bsd/netinet/ip_input.c			standard
bsd/netinet/ip_mroute.c			standard
bsd/netinet/ip_output.c			standard
bsd/netinet/raw_ip.c			standard
bsd/netinet/tcp_debug.c			optional tcpdebug
bsd/netinet/tcp_input.c			standard
bsd/netinet/tcp_output.c		standard
bsd/netinet/tcp_subr.c			standard
bsd/netinet/tcp_timer.c			standard
bsd/netinet/tcp_usrreq.c		standard
bsd/netinet/udp_usrreq.c		standard
bsd/netinet/in_gif.c      		optional gif inet
bsd/netinet/ip_ecn.c          		optional inet inet6
bsd/netinet/ip_ecn.c          		optional inet ipsec
bsd/netinet/ip_encap.c         		optional inet 
bsd/netinet6/ah_core.c      		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/ah_input.c     		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/ah_output.c   		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/esp_core.c     		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
bsd/netinet6/esp_input.c    		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
bsd/netinet6/esp_output.c   		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
bsd/netinet6/esp_rijndael.c 		optional ipsec ipsec_esp
bsd/netinet6/ipsec.c        		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/dest6.c        		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/frag6.c        		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/icmp6.c        		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6.c          		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_cksum.c    		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_gif.c      		optional gif inet6
bsd/netinet6/ip6_forward.c  		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_ifattach.c 		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/ip6_input.c    		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/ip6_mroute.c   		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/ip6_output.c   		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_src.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/ipcomp_core.c  		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/ipcomp_input.c 		optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/ipcomp_output.c      	optional ipsec
bsd/netinet6/in6_pcb.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_prefix.c   		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_proto.c    		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/in6_rmx.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/mld6.c         		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/nd6.c          		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/nd6_nbr.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/nd6_rtr.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/raw_ip6.c      		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/route6.c       		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/scope6.c       		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/udp6_output.c  		optional inet6
bsd/netinet6/udp6_usrreq.c  		optional inet6

bsd/netkey/key.c          		optional ipsec
bsd/netkey/key_debug.c    		optional ipsec
bsd/netkey/keysock.c      		optional ipsec
bsd/netkey/keydb.c      		optional ipsec

bsd/kern/md5c.c    		        optional inet
bsd/kern/md5c.c    		        optional inet6
bsd/kern/md5c.c    		        optional crypto
bsd/crypto/sha1.c         		optional crypto
bsd/crypto/sha2/sha2.c			optional crypto
bsd/crypto/des/des_ecb.c  		optional crypto
bsd/crypto/des/des_setkey.c       	optional crypto
bsd/crypto/blowfish/bf_enc.c      	optional crypto
bsd/crypto/blowfish/bf_skey.c     	optional crypto
bsd/crypto/cast128/cast128.c      	optional crypto
bsd/crypto/rijndael/rijndael-alg-fst.c  optional crypto
bsd/crypto/rijndael/rijndael-api-fst.c  optional crypto
bsd/crypto/rc4/rc4.c              	optional crypto

#bsd/netpm/pm_aTT.c        optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_ams.c        optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_dispatch.c   optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_filter.c     optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_list.c       optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_log.c        optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_nat.c        optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_pmd.c        optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_route.c      optional pm
#bsd/netpm/pm_usrreq.c     optional pm


bsd/netat/at.c				optional netat
bsd/netat/at_proto.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/at_pcb.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_usrreq.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/atp_alloc.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/atp_misc.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/atp_open.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/atp_read.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/atp_write.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/asp_proto.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_aep.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp.c				optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_brt.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_proto.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_nbp.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_rtmp.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_sip.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_rtmptable.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_r_rtmp.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_r_zip.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_aarp.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/ddp_lap.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_CLDeny.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Read.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Timer.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_attention.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_CLListen.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_NewCID.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_TimerElem.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_reset.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Close.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Open.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_RxAttn.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Write.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Control.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_RxData.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Init.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Options.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_stream.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_InitGlobals.c		optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Packet.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_Status.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/adsp_misc.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/sys_glue.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/sys_dep.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/drv_dep.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/aurp_aurpd.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/aurp_cfg.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/aurp_gdata.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/aurp_misc.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/aurp_open.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/aurp_rd.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/aurp_ri.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/aurp_rx.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/aurp_tickle.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/aurp_tx.c			optional netat
bsd/netat/aurp_zi.c			optional netat

bsd/nfs/krpc_subr.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_bio.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_boot.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_node.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_nqlease.c			optional nfsclient nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_serv.c			optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_socket.c			optional nfsclient nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_srvcache.c			optional nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_subs.c			optional nfsclient nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_syscalls.c			optional nfsclient nfsserver
bsd/nfs/nfs_vfsops.c			optional nfsclient
bsd/nfs/nfs_vnops.c			optional nfsclient

bsd/kern/netboot.c			optional nfsclient

bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_alloc.c			standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_balloc.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_inode.c			standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_subr.c			standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_tables.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_vfsops.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ffs/ffs_vnops.c			standard
bsd/ufs/mfs/mfs_vfsops.c		optional mfs
bsd/ufs/mfs/mfs_vnops.c			optional mfs
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_bmap.c			standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_byte_order.c		optional rev_endian_fs
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_ihash.c			standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_inode.c			standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_lockf.c			standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_lookup.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_quota.c			optional quota
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_vfsops.c		standard
bsd/ufs/ufs/ufs_vnops.c			standard

bsd/hfs/hfs_attrlist.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_btreeio.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_catalog.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_chash.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_cnode.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_encodinghint.c			optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_encodings.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_endian.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_link.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_lockf.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_lookup.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_quota.c				optional quota
bsd/hfs/hfs_readwrite.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_search.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_vfsops.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_vfsutils.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfs_vnops.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/MacOSStubs.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/rangelist.c				optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTree.c			optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTreeAllocate.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTreeMiscOps.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTreeNodeOps.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTreeScanner.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/BTree/BTreeTreeOps.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Catalog/Catalog.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Catalog/CatalogIterators.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Catalog/CatalogUtilities.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Catalog/FileIDsServices.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/BTreeWrapper.c		optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/FileExtentMapping.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Misc/VolumeAllocation.c	optional hfs
bsd/hfs/hfscommon/Unicode/UnicodeWrappers.c	optional hfs

bsd/kern/bsd_init.c			standard
bsd/kern/init_sysent.c			standard
bsd/kern/kdebug.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_acct.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_clock.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_core.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_symfile.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_descrip.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_event.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_control.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_exec.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_exit.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_fork.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_ktrace.c			standard 
bsd/kern/kern_lock.c			optional cpus
bsd/kern/kern_malloc.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_mman.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_panicinfo.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_physio.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_proc.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_prot.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_resource.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_shutdown.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_sig.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_subr.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_synch.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_sysctl.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_newsysctl.c		standard
bsd/kern/kern_mib.c			standard
bsd/kern/sysctl_init.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_time.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_xxx.c			standard
bsd/kern/mach_process.c			standard
bsd/kern/kern_pcsamples.c		standard
bsd/kern/spl.c				standard
bsd/kern/subr_log.c			standard
bsd/kern/subr_prf.c			standard
bsd/kern/subr_prof.c			standard
bsd/kern/subr_xxx.c			standard
bsd/kern/sys_generic.c			standard
bsd/kern/sys_socket.c			standard
bsd/kern/sys_domain.c	                standard
bsd/kern/syscalls.c			standard
bsd/kern/tty.c				standard
bsd/kern/tty_compat.c			optional compat_43
bsd/kern/tty_conf.c			standard
bsd/kern/tty_pty.c			optional pty
bsd/kern/tty_subr.c			standard
bsd/kern/tty_tty.c			standard
bsd/kern/ubc_subr.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_domain.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_mbuf.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_mbuf2.c		 	standard	
bsd/kern/uipc_proto.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_socket.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_socket2.c			standard
bsd/kern/uipc_syscalls.c		standard
bsd/kern/uipc_usrreq.c			standard
bsd/kern/sysv_ipc.c			standard
bsd/kern/sysv_shm.c			standard
bsd/kern/sysv_sem.c			standard
bsd/kern/mach_fat.c			standard
bsd/kern/mach_header.c			standard
bsd/kern/mach_loader.c			standard
bsd/kern/posix_sem.c			standard
bsd/kern/posix_shm.c			standard
# XXXdbg - I need this in the journaling and block cache code
bsd/kern/qsort.c			standard

bsd/vm/vnode_pager.c			standard
bsd/vm/vm_unix.c			standard
bsd/vm/dp_backing_file.c		standard

bsd/uxkern/ux_exception.c		standard

bsd/conf/param.c			standard
./ioconf.c				standard
